In every professional setting, whether it's consulting, product
development, nonprofits, or startups, you will work on teams.
And the teams that deliver great work aren't the ones with the most
talented people.
They're the ones that figured out early how to work together.
That's what this week is about.
You're going to have conversations that feel small — how should
we communicate, who does what, what happens when we
disagree.
But those conversations are what separate teams that function
from teams that fall apart under pressure.
You're also going to write your first professional message to a real
employer contact. Not a professor, not a TA.
Someone who will judge your team by how you come across.
That's a skill you'll use in every job you ever have.
None of this is theoretical.
By the end of this week, you'll have a working team and a
professional relationship underway. That's real.